#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file requirements/requirements_ansible.txt requirements/requirements_ansible.in
#
adal==0.5.0
    # via msrestazure
apache-libcloud==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
appdirs==1.4.3
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-client-config
applicationinsights==0.11.1
    # via azure-cli-core
argcomplete==1.9.4
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
asn1crypto==0.24.0
    # via cryptography
azure-cli-core==2.0.35
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-cli-nspkg==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   azure-cli-core
azure-common==1.1.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
    #   azure-storage
azure-graphrbac==0.40.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-keyvault==1.0.0a1
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-batch==4.1.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-compute==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-containerinstance==0.4.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-containerregistry==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-containerservice==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-dns==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-keyvault==0.40.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-monitor==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-network==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-nspkg==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
azure-mgmt-rdbms==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-resource==1.2.2
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-sql==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-storage==1.5.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-trafficmanager==0.50.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-mgmt-web==0.32.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
azure-nspkg==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   azure-cli-nspkg
    #   azure-common
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-nspkg
    #   azure-storage
azure-storage==0.35.1
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
backports-ssl-match-hostname==3.5.0.1
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
bcrypt==3.1.4
    # via paramiko
boto==2.47.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
boto3==1.6.2
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
botocore==1.9.3
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2018.1.18
    # via
    #   msrest
    #   requests
cffi==1.11.5
    # via
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
chardet==3.0.4
    # via requests
colorama==0.3.9
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
cryptography==2.1.4
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-storage
    #   paramiko
    #   pyopenssl
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   secretstorage
decorator==4.2.1
    # via openstacksdk
deprecation==2.0
    # via openstacksdk
docutils==0.14
    # via botocore
dogpile-cache==0.6.5
    # via openstacksdk
entrypoints==0.2.3
    # via keyring
humanfriendly==4.8
    # via azure-cli-core
idna==2.6
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   requests
iso8601==0.1.12
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
isodate==0.6.0
    # via msrest
jmespath==0.9.3
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   knack
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.21
    # via openstacksdk
jsonpointer==2.0
    # via jsonpatch
keyring==15.1.0
    # via msrestazure
keystoneauth1==3.4.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-client-config
knack==0.3.3
    # via azure-cli-core
lxml==4.1.1
    # via pyvmomi
msrest==0.4.29
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   msrestazure
msrestazure==0.4.31
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-graphrbac
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-batch
    #   azure-mgmt-compute
    #   azure-mgmt-containerinstance
    #   azure-mgmt-containerregistry
    #   azure-mgmt-containerservice
    #   azure-mgmt-dns
    #   azure-mgmt-keyvault
    #   azure-mgmt-marketplaceordering
    #   azure-mgmt-monitor
    #   azure-mgmt-network
    #   azure-mgmt-rdbms
    #   azure-mgmt-resource
    #   azure-mgmt-sql
    #   azure-mgmt-storage
    #   azure-mgmt-trafficmanager
    #   azure-mgmt-web
munch==2.2.0
    # via openstacksdk
netaddr==0.7.19
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
netifaces==0.10.6
    # via openstacksdk
ntlm-auth==1.0.6
    # via
    #   requests-credssp
    #   requests-ntlm
oauthlib==2.0.6
    # via requests-oauthlib
openstacksdk==0.12.0
    # via shade
os-client-config==1.29.0
    # via shade
os-service-types==1.2.0
    # via openstacksdk
ovirt-engine-sdk-python==4.2.4
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
packaging==17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   deprecation
paramiko==2.4.0
    # via azure-cli-core
pbr==3.1.1
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   shade
pexpect==4.6.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
psphere==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
psutil==5.4.3
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
ptyprocess==0.5.2
    # via pexpect
pyasn1==0.4.2
    # via paramiko
pycparser==2.18
    # via cffi
pycurl==7.43.0.1
    # via ovirt-engine-sdk-python
pygments==2.2.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
pyjwt==1.6.0
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-cli-core
pykerberos==1.2.1
    # via requests-kerberos
pynacl==1.2.1
    # via paramiko
pyopenssl==17.5.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   pyvmomi
    #   requests-credssp
pyparsing==2.2.0
    # via packaging
python-dateutil==2.6.1
    # via
    #   adal
    #   azure-storage
    #   botocore
python-memcached==1.59
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
pyvmomi==6.5
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
pywinrm[kerberos]==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
pyyaml==3.12
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-client-config
    #   psphere
requests==2.20.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   adal
    #   apache-libcloud
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   azure-keyvault
    #   azure-storage
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   msrest
    #   pyvmomi
    #   pywinrm
    #   requests-credssp
    #   requests-kerberos
    #   requests-ntlm
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-credssp==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
requests-kerberos==0.12.0
    # via pywinrm
requests-ntlm==1.1.0
    # via pywinrm
requests-oauthlib==0.8.0
    # via msrest
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-client-config
s3transfer==0.1.13
    # via boto3
secretstorage==2.3.1
    # via keyring
shade==1.27.0
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
six==1.11.0
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   bcrypt
    #   cryptography
    #   isodate
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   knack
    #   munch
    #   ntlm-auth
    #   openstacksdk
    #   ovirt-engine-sdk-python
    #   packaging
    #   pynacl
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-memcached
    #   pyvmomi
    #   pywinrm
stevedore==1.28.0
    # via keystoneauth1
suds==1.0.0
    # via psphere
tabulate==0.7.7
    # via
    #   azure-cli-core
    #   knack
urllib3==1.24
    # via requests
wheel==0.30.0
    # via azure-cli-core
xmltodict==0.11.0
    # via pywinrm

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
pip==9.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements_ansible.in
    #   azure-cli-core
setuptools==36.0.1
    # via -r requirements_ansible.in
